Create rule S7606: WebViews should not be vulnerable to cross-app scripting attacks (APPSEC-2479) (#5127)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7606/message.adoc

=== Message

> Change this code to not execute untrusted data in the web-view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change this code to not execute untrusted data in the WebView.
```
